NVPTX support for new asm! (#72439)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/unstable-book/src/library-features/asm.md

| ARM | `qreg` | `q[0-15]` | `w` |
| ARM | `qreg_low8` | `q[0-7]` | `t` |
| ARM | `qreg_low4` | `q[0-3]` | `x` |
| NVPTX | `reg16` | None\* | `h` |
| NVPTX | `reg32` | None\* | `r` |
| NVPTX | `reg64` | None\* | `l` |
| RISC-V | `reg` | `x1`, `x[5-7]`, `x[9-15]`, `x[16-31]` (non-RV32E) | `r` |
| RISC-V | `freg` | `f[0-31]` | `f` |

> **Note**: On x86 we treat `reg_byte` differently from `reg` because the compiler can allocate `al` and `ah` separately whereas `reg` reserves the whole register.
>
> Note #2: On x86-64 the high byte registers (e.g. `ah`) are only available when used as an explicit register. Specifying the `reg_byte` register class for an operand will always allocate a low byte register.
>

> > Note #3: On NVPTX, register names are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note #3: NVPTX doesn't have a fixed register set, so named registers are not supported.
```
